Fsxac/proposal3 (#17)
Capstone-Skynet/Capstone-Skynet.github.io: docs/proposal/terms_and_abbreviations.tex

Technical terms and abbreviations dictionary go here.

\begin{tabular}[h]{rp{0.75\linewidth}}
    \hline
    \textbf{Term} & \textbf{Definition}\\
    \hline

    ANN & Artificial Neural Network, or simply ``Neural Network'', is a data processing model modeled after neuron interactions. The process consists of forward propagation using several matrix multiplications.\cite{ann}\\

>     ASIC & Application-specific Integrated Circuits.\\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ASIC & Application-Specific Integrated Circuits.\\
```

>     CNN & Convolutional neural network are neural networks that is especially useful for image classification.\cite{cnn} \\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    CNN & Convolutional neural networks are neural networks which are especially useful for image classification.\cite{cnn} \\
```

    ECE & Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of British Columbia.\\

>     FPGA & Field-Programmable-Gate-Arrays, a ``programmable'' hardware that allows ASIC-like performance with software-like turn-around time and flexibility.\\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    FPGA & Field-Programmable-Gate-Arrays, ``programmable'' hardware that allows ASIC-like performance with software-like turn-around time and flexibility.\\
```

    GPU & Graphics Processing Unit, a discrete piece of hardware designed to accelerate graphic-intensive or other parallel computing tasks.\\
    LOS & Line-of-sight.\\
    ML & Machine learning.\\
    Multirotor & An unmanned vehicle with multiple engines. \\

>     OTS & Off-the-shelf, or commercially available/purchaseable \\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    OTS & Off-the-shelf, or commercially available/purchasable \\
```

>     PID / PID Controller & Proportion-Integral-Derivative controllers is the most common control algorithm for precise and accurate movement, as well as to compensate external forces.\cite{pid}\\

Reviewer: Are these an algorithm or a device?

Author: I would say it's more of an algorithm. Not a software specific algorithm, but a general algorithm

>     RNN & Recurrent neural networks are neural networks where the output depends on previous computations, essentially consists of memory.\cite{rnn}\\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    RNN & Recurrent neural networks are neural networks where the output depends on previous computations, effectively emulating memory.\cite{rnn}\\
```

Author: Hmm. I don't know if it's accurate to say it's emulating memory, which suggests that RNN is emulating human memory.

    RX & Receiver.\\
    TC & Transport Canada.\\
    TX & Transmitter.\\

>     YOLO & You-Only-Look-Once is a fast algorithm that detect objects but is unlike CNN nor RNN.\cite{yolo}\cite{yolo-2}\\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    YOLO & You-Only-Look-Once is a fast ML algorithm that detect objects but is unlike CNN nor RNN.\cite{yolo}\cite{yolo-2}\\
```
